provider/config: configure additional user-agent information with env var (#14555)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/index.html.markdown

If you're running Terraform on EKS and have configured [IAM Roles for Service Accounts (IRSA)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html), Terraform will use the pod's role. This support is based on the underlying `AWS_ROLE_ARN` and `AWS_WEB_IDENTITY_TOKEN_FILE` environment variables being automatically set by Kubernetes or manually for advanced usage.

### Custom User-Agent Information

> By default, the underlying AWS client used by the Terraform AWS Provider creates requests with User-Agent headers including information about
> the requester i.e. HashiCorp and the Terraform Version and Homepage. To provide additional configuration information in the User-Agent headers,
> the `TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT` environment variable can be set with the format: `name/version/extra0...`.
> Multiple User-Agent configurations can be provided by including a space between each e.g.
> 
> ```sh
> $ export TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT="JenkinsAgent1234/1.0"
> $ export TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT="JenkinsAgent1234/1.0 JobID1234/1.0"
> $ export TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT="JenkinsAgent1234/1.0 JobID1234/1.0/extra0,extra1"
> ```

Reviewer: For correctness with other `TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT` supporting projects, we must accept the given string directly, e.g. `MyProduct/1.2.3 (Extra Cool Info; Because Why Not)`) 👍 

``````suggestion
By default, the underlying AWS client used by the Terraform AWS Provider creates requests with User-Agent headers including information about Terraform and AWS Go SDK versions. To provide additional information in the User-Agent headers, the `TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT` environment variable can be set and its value will be directly added to HTTP requests. e.g.

```sh
$ export TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT="JenkinsAgent/i-12345678 BuildID/1234 (Optional Extra Information)"
```
``````
